Add doc in how to install mm-te chart in gitlab chart (#2397)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-mmte-helm-gitlab-helm.rst

A light way to install is:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ helm upgrade --install gitlab gitlab/gitlab \
    --timeout 600 \
    --set global.hosts.domain=<YOUR.DOMAIN> \
    --set global.hosts.externalIP=<EXTERNAL.IP> \
    --set certmanager-issuer.email=<EMAIL>

- **<YOUR.DOMAIN>**: your desired domain, eg. gitlab.example.com
- **<EXTERNAL.IP>**: the external ip pointing to your k8s cluster
- **<EMAIL>**: email to register in the Let's Encrypt to get the TLS certificates

After all pods get in the running state, you can log in to GitLab.

**Create an OAuth application with GitLab**
--------------------------------

To create the OAuth app to allow Mattermost to use GitLab as the authentication provider, please follow the instructions `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#gitlab>`_.

Please take note of the ``Application ID``, ``Application Secret Key``, ``User API Endpoint``, ``Auth Endpoint`` and ``Token Endpoint``, as these values will be used later when deploying Mattermost.

**Deploy Mattermost Team Edition Helm Chart**
---------------------------------------------

Requirements:

>   - Mattermost Team Edition Helm Chart Version => 1.4.0

Reviewer: Why?

Reviewer: @cpanato Is the versioning reported anywhere in the Kubernetes doc

> To deploy Mattermost together with GitLab Helm Chart, you need to set some values in the ``values.yaml`` for the InitContainer and Environment Variables. You also need to disable the ``MySql`` chart.

Reviewer: Is it `MySql` chart or `Postgres` chart?

Author: MySql

          value: <GITLAB.MINIO.HOST>
        - name: MINIO_PORT
          value: "<GITLAB.MINIO.PORT>"
        - name: MINIO_ACCESS_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: <GITLAB.MINIO.SECRET>
              key: accesskey
        - name: MINIO_SECRET_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: <GITLAB.MINIO.SECRET>
              key: secretkey
        - name: MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME
          value: <MATTERMOST.MINIO.BUCKET.NAME>
      command:
        - sh
        - "-c"
        - |
          echo "Connecting to Minio server: http://$MINIO_ENDPOINT:$MINIO_PORT"
          mc config host add myminio http://$MINIO_ENDPOINT:$MINIO_PORT $MINIO_ACCESS_KEY $MINIO_SECRET_KEY
          /usr/bin/mc ls myminio
          echo $?
          /usr/bin/mc ls myminio/$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME > /dev/null 2>&1
          if [ $? -eq 1 ] ; then
            echo "Creating bucket '$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME'"
            /usr/bin/mc mb myminio/$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME
          else
            echo "Bucket '$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME' already exists."
            exit 0
          fi

Values that you need to replace in the ``values.yaml``:

> - **<YOUR.MATTERMOST.DOMAIN>**: Your desired Mattermost domain. eg, ``mattermost.gitlab.example.com``

Reviewer: For these examples, do we assume the GitLab chart name is `gitlab`?

..  _install-mmte-helm-gitlab-helm:

How to deploy Mattermost Team Edition Helm Chart in the GitLab Helm Chart deployment
=====================================================================================

This document will describe in how to deploy MM TE Helm Chart in an existing GitLab Helm Chart deployment.

You will need:
  - A running Kubernetes cluster :)
  - A running GitLab Helm Chart

>   - The name of the secret that holds the Postgres password

Reviewer 2: Maybe describe how to get these.

Author: sure, will do. thanks!

Author: updated

  - The service name for Minio and the port.  If you installed the Gilab Helm  Chart using the chart name as ``gitlab`` and in the ``default`` namespace then the service name will be ``gitlab-minio-svc`` and port ``9000``
  - The names of ``kubernetes.io/ingress.class``, ``kubernetes.io/ingress.provider`` and ``certmanager.k8s.io/issuer``

**Deploy GitLab Helm Chart**
----------------------------

To deploy you can follow the instructions described `here <https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/install/kubernetes/gitlab_chart.html>`_.

A light way to install is:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ helm upgrade --install gitlab gitlab/gitlab \
    --timeout 600 \
    --set global.hosts.domain=<YOUR.DOMAIN> \
    --set global.hosts.externalIP=<EXTERNAL.IP> \
    --set certmanager-issuer.email=<EMAIL>

- **<YOUR.DOMAIN>**: Domain that you want to have GitLab, eg. gitlab.example.com
- **<EXTERNAL.IP>**: the external ip pointing to your k8s cluster
- **<EMAIL>**: email to register in the lets encrypt to get the TLS certificates

After all pods get in the running state you can login in your GitLab.

> **Create the OAUTH with GitLab**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Create an OAuth application with GitLab**
```

--------------------------------

> To create the OAUTH to set Mattermost to use Gitlab auth please follow the instructions `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html?highlight=gitlab#gitlab>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create the OAuth app to allow Mattermost to use GitLab as the authentication provider please follow the instructions `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html?highlight=gitlab#gitlab>`_.
```

- **<NAME.OF.YOUR.TLS.SECRET>**: A name to store the TLS certificate for you domains, eg. ``mattermost-tls``
- **<INGRESS.CLASS>**: the ingress class, in a basic deployment of GitLab will be ``gitlab-nginx``
- **<INGRESS.PROVIDER>**: the ingress provider, in a basic deployment of GitLab will be ``nginx``
- **<CERTMANAGER.ISSUER>**: the cert manager issuer, in a basic deployment of GitLab will be ``gitlab-issuer``
- **<GITLAB.APP.SECRET>**: The Application secret. The value you created in the step `Create the OAUTH with GitLab`_
- **<GITLAB.APP.ID>**: The Application secret. The value you created in the step `Create the OAUTH with GitLab`_
- **<YOUR.GITLAB.DOMAIN>**: The GitLab domain name. eg. ``gitlab.example.com``
- **<GITLAB.POSTGRES.USERNAME>**: The GitLab Postgres username
- **<GITLAB.POSTGRES.PASSWD.SECRET>**: Secret that holds the Postgres password
- **<GITLAB.POSTGRES.HOST>**: Postgres host. Check the Kubernetes service, in a basic deployment of GitLab will be ``gitlab-postgresql``
- **<GITLAB.POSTGRES.PORT>**: Postgres port. Check the Kubernetes service, in a basic deployment of GitLab will be ``5432``

> - **<MATTERMOST.DATABASE.NAME>**: Mattermost database name that you choose, eg. ``mattermost-db``

Reviewer 2: Maybe just give a good default for this. No need to customize here, if someone wants to customize then they will know how.

Author: i will add the defaults here.

          value: <GITLAB.MINIO.HOST>
        - name: MINIO_PORT
          value: "<GITLAB.MINIO.PORT>"
        - name: MINIO_ACCESS_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: <GITLAB.MINIO.SECRET>
              key: accesskey
        - name: MINIO_SECRET_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: <GITLAB.MINIO.SECRET>
              key: secretkey
        - name: MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME
          value: <MATTERMOST.MINIO.BUCKET.NAME>
      command:
        - sh
        - "-c"
        - |
          echo "Connecting to Minio server: http://$MINIO_ENDPOINT:$MINIO_PORT"
          mc config host add myminio http://$MINIO_ENDPOINT:$MINIO_PORT $MINIO_ACCESS_KEY $MINIO_SECRET_KEY
          /usr/bin/mc ls myminio
          echo $?
          /usr/bin/mc ls myminio/$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME > /dev/null 2>&1
          if [ $? -eq 1 ] ; then
            echo "Creating bucket '$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME'"
            /usr/bin/mc mb myminio/$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME
          else
            echo "Bucket '$MATTERMOST_BUCKET_NAME' already exists."
            exit 0
          fi

Values that you need to replace in the above ``values.yaml`` file:

> - **<YOUR.MATTERMOST.DOMAIN>**: URL that users will use to access Mattermost, matching the `Site URL field <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#site-url>`_, e.g. ``mattermost.gitlab.example.com``.

Reviewer: Is this our usual formatting for variable names in code blocks? 
 - Do we use dashes or periods to connect multiple words in a variable name?
 - Do we bold these names (**) or use in-line code (``)?

Reviewer: @amyblais thoughts on this one?

Reviewer 4: @cpanato  Is there a specific reason these are separated by periods ( . )?

If not I'll probably change them to underscore ( _ )

Author: this is the domain name, should be dots, this is how you access from your browser

Reviewer 4: In that case I would leave them as dots and bolded.

Author: done

Reviewer: @amyblais @cpanato Sorry for the confusion here, I was referring to the variable names, e.g. `**<GITLAB.APP.SECRET>**`.

According to our [text formatting guidelines](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/documentation-guidelines.html#text-formatting), parameter values are formatted lowercase in monospace. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13119842/50061890-dbad2300-0171-11e9-8384-5c798ed65792.png)

So I've updated these accordingly. If you have any questions or concerns, let me know.

PS: I agree that `mattermost.gitlab.example.com` should have dots, though that's an example rather than a parameter value.

- **<NAME.OF.YOUR.TLS.SECRET>**: A name to store the TLS certificate for you domains, e.g. ``mattermost-tls``.
- **<INGRESS.CLASS>**: The ingress class. In a basic GitLab deployment, this is ``gitlab-nginx``.
- **<INGRESS.PROVIDER>**: The ingress provider. In a basic GitLab deployment, this is ``nginx``.
- **<CERTMANAGER.ISSUER>**: The cert manager issuer. In a basic GitLab deployment, this is ``gitlab-issuer``.

> - **<GITLAB.APP.SECRET>**: The Application secret, which you created in step `Create the OAUTH with GitLab`_.

Reviewer: Do these `Create the OAUTH with GitLab` links work?

Reviewer: @amyblais thoughts on this one?

Author: it worked when I test locally
